application/models/dto/MessageDeleteDto.java
 application.models.dto.MessageDeleteDto
application/models/Language.java
 application.models.Language
application/models/Tag.java
 application.models.Tag
application/dao/mappers/MapperUtil.java
 application.dao.mappers.MapperUtil
application/dao/mappers/FileDescriptionMapper.java
 application.dao.mappers.FileDescriptionMapper
application/dao/DaoDialog.java
 application.dao.DaoDialog
application/configurations/SwaggerConfiguration.java
 application.configurations.SwaggerConfiguration
application/dao/DaoLike.java
 application.dao.DaoLike
application/security/JwtUser.java
 application.security.JwtUser
application/models/requests/AuthDtoRequest.java
 application.models.requests.AuthDtoRequest
application/dao/DaoTag.java
 application.dao.DaoTag
application/models/requests/ShiftEmailDtoRequest.java
 application.models.requests.ShiftEmailDtoRequest
application/dao/mappers/TagMapper.java
 application.dao.mappers.TagMapper
application/security/JwtTokenFilter.java
 application.security.JwtTokenFilter
application/dao/mappers/PersonMapper.java
 application.dao.mappers.PersonMapper
application/models/dto/NotificationDto.java
 application.models.dto.NotificationDto
application/models/requests/RecoverPassDtoRequest.java
 application.models.requests.RecoverPassDtoRequest
application/models/dto/CommentDto.java
 application.models.dto.CommentDto
application/security/JwtUserDetailsService.java
 application.security.JwtUserDetailsService
application/service/PlatformService.java
 application.service.PlatformService
application/models/dto/CommentAuthorDto.java
 application.models.dto.CommentAuthorDto
application/exceptions/CustomAccessDeniedHandler.java
 application.exceptions.CustomAccessDeniedHandler
application/models/requests/MessageSendDtoRequest.java
 application.models.requests.MessageSendDtoRequest
application/security/JwtConfigurer.java
 application.security.JwtConfigurer
application/exceptions/ErrorResponse.java
 application.exceptions.ErrorResponse
application/exceptions/EmailAlreadyExistsException.java
 application.exceptions.EmailAlreadyExistsException
application/models/requests/SetPasswordDtoRequest.java
 application.models.requests.SetPasswordDtoRequest
application/dao/DaoPerson.java
 application.dao.DaoPerson
application/dao/mappers/NotificationsSettingsMapper.java
 application.dao.mappers.NotificationsSettingsMapper
application/models/requests/PersonSettingsDtoRequest.java
 application.models.requests.PersonSettingsDtoRequest
application/service/FriendsService.java
 application.service.FriendsService
application/exceptions/GlobalExceptionHandler.java
 application.exceptions.GlobalExceptionHandler
application/models/dto/PostDto.java
 application.models.dto.PostDto
application/models/NotificationType.java
 application.models.NotificationType
application/dao/mappers/DialogMapper.java
 application.dao.mappers.DialogMapper
application/controllers/DefaultController.java
 application.controllers.DefaultController
application/controllers/TagController.java
 application.controllers.TagController
application/dao/mappers/MessageMapper.java
 application.dao.mappers.MessageMapper
application/models/Message.java
 application.models.Message
application/service/DropboxService.java
 application.service.DropboxService
application/controllers/StorageController.java
 application.controllers.StorageController
application/models/Person.java
 application.models.Person
application/service/ScheduledService.java
 application.service.ScheduledService
application/models/Notification.java
 application.models.Notification
application/models/requests/LikeRequest.java
 application.models.requests.LikeRequest
application/dao/DaoFile.java
 application.dao.DaoFile
application/dao/mappers/LikeMapper.java
 application.dao.mappers.LikeMapper
application/service/PostsService.java
 application.service.PostsService
application/controllers/LikeController.java
 application.controllers.LikeController
application/models/FileDescription.java
 application.models.FileDescription
application/controllers/PlatformController.java
 application.controllers.PlatformController
application/dao/DaoCity.java
 application.dao.DaoCity
application/models/Permission.java
 application.models.Permission
application/controllers/AuthController.java
 application.controllers.AuthController
application/exceptions/Error.java
 application.exceptions.Error
application/dao/mappers/PathMapper.java
 application.dao.mappers.PathMapper
application/models/dto/UserIdsDto.java
 application.models.dto.UserIdsDto
application/controllers/PostsController.java
 application.controllers.PostsController
application/models/Role.java
 application.models.Role
application/service/DialogsService.java
 application.service.DialogsService
application/exceptions/PasswordsNotEqualsException.java
 application.exceptions.PasswordsNotEqualsException
application/models/User.java
 application.models.User
application/exceptions/JwtAuthenticationException.java
 application.exceptions.JwtAuthenticationException
application/dao/mappers/CountryMapper.java
 application.dao.mappers.CountryMapper
application/models/City.java
 application.models.City
application/models/requests/TagRequest.java
 application.models.requests.TagRequest
application/configurations/SecurityConfig.java
 application.configurations.SecurityConfig
application/models/dto/NotificationsSettingsDto.java
 application.models.dto.NotificationsSettingsDto
application/models/requests/FriendsDtoRequest.java
 application.models.requests.FriendsDtoRequest
application/models/dto/InviteLinkDto.java
 application.models.dto.InviteLinkDto
application/models/requests/NotificationRequest.java
 application.models.requests.NotificationRequest
application/models/dto/FileDescriptionDto.java
 application.models.dto.FileDescriptionDto
application/App.java
 application.App
application/models/requests/CommentRequest.java
 application.models.requests.CommentRequest
application/service/StorageService.java
 application.service.StorageService
application/models/requests/DialogCreateDtoRequest.java
 application.models.requests.DialogCreateDtoRequest
application/controllers/DialogsController.java
 application.controllers.DialogsController
application/models/dto/DialogIdDto.java
 application.models.dto.DialogIdDto
application/models/requests/PostRequest.java
 application.models.requests.PostRequest
application/dao/mappers/PostCommentMapper.java
 application.dao.mappers.PostCommentMapper
application/models/NotificationSettingType.java
 application.models.NotificationSettingType
application/configurations/MvcConfig.java
 application.configurations.MvcConfig
application/controllers/NotificationController.java
 application.controllers.NotificationController
application/models/Country.java
 application.models.Country
application/dao/DaoPost.java
 application.dao.DaoPost
application/models/dto/PersonDto.java
 application.models.dto.PersonDto
application/models/dto/LikeResponseDto.java
 application.models.dto.LikeResponseDto
application/service/AuthService.java
 application.service.AuthService
application/controllers/FriendsController.java
 application.controllers.FriendsController
application/models/Like.java
 application.models.Like
application/dao/DaoMessage.java
 application.dao.DaoMessage
application/models/PermissionMessagesType.java
 application.models.PermissionMessagesType
application/models/requests/RegistrationDtoRequest.java
 application.models.requests.RegistrationDtoRequest
application/models/Dialog.java
 application.models.Dialog
application/security/JwtTokenProvider.java
 application.security.JwtTokenProvider
application/service/AccountService.java
 application.service.AccountService
application/exceptions/UserIsBlockedException.java
 application.exceptions.UserIsBlockedException
application/dao/DaoNotification.java
 application.dao.DaoNotification
 application.dao.DaoNotification$1
 application.dao.DaoNotification$2
 application.dao.DaoNotification$3
application/models/dto/MessageDto.java
 application.models.dto.MessageDto
application/controllers/ProfileController.java
 application.controllers.ProfileController
application/models/Comment.java
 application.models.Comment
application/models/FriendshipStatus.java
 application.models.FriendshipStatus
application/models/responses/GeneralListResponse.java
 application.models.responses.GeneralListResponse
application/models/responses/GeneralResponse.java
 application.models.responses.GeneralResponse
application/controllers/FeedsController.java
 application.controllers.FeedsController
application/service/FeedsService.java
 application.service.FeedsService
application/dao/DaoComment.java
 application.dao.DaoComment
application/service/LogRewritePolicy.java
 application.service.LogRewritePolicy
application/models/dto/DialogDto.java
 application.models.dto.DialogDto
application/models/dto/MessageResponseDto.java
 application.models.dto.MessageResponseDto
application/service/NotificationService.java
 application.service.NotificationService
application/dao/mappers/NotificationMapper.java
 application.dao.mappers.NotificationMapper
application/models/Post.java
 application.models.Post
application/models/dto/DialogsActivityResponseDto.java
 application.models.dto.DialogsActivityResponseDto
application/dao/mappers/PostMapper.java
 application.dao.mappers.PostMapper
application/models/dto/PersonDialogsDto.java
 application.models.dto.PersonDialogsDto
application/service/ProfileService.java
 application.service.ProfileService
application/models/dto/UnreadedCountDto.java
 application.models.dto.UnreadedCountDto
application/dao/mappers/CityMapper.java
 application.dao.mappers.CityMapper
application/security/RestAuthenticationEntryPoint.java
 application.security.RestAuthenticationEntryPoint
application/models/ReadStatus.java
 application.models.ReadStatus
application/controllers/AccountController.java
 application.controllers.AccountController
